Fix factual and spec errors in docs content (#521)
icerpc/icerpc-docs: content/slice/language-guide/comments.md

interface WidgetFactory {
    /// Creates a new {@link Widget}.
    /// @param name: The name of the new widget.

>     /// @returns: A proxy to the new widget.

Reviewer: The fact this example used a proxy is incidental, and using a 'concrete' type makes it simpler than dragging the whole interface-vs-proxy idea into this. I would leave the example how it was, but just remove the mentions of `Widget` being a proxy type.
```suggestion
    /// @returns: The new widget.
```

>     createWidget(name: string) -> WidgetProxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    createWidget(name: string) -> Widget
```

    /// Retrieves the last {@link Widget} created by this factory.

>     /// @returns proxy: A proxy to the last widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @returns widget: A copy of the last widget.
```

    /// @returns timeStamp: The creation time stamp.

>     getLastWidget() -> (proxy: WidgetProxy, timeStamp: WellKnownTypes::TimeStamp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    getLastWidget() -> (widget: Proxy, timeStamp: WellKnownTypes::TimeStamp)
```
